Feature improve gateway documentation (#376)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/gateway/configuration.en.md

![New Gateway payment method 3](/images/gateway/payment_methods_gateway_new_3.png)

Done! Your payment method was created

> By default, each payment method created is available on the test environment (Sandbox). You need to activate it later when you are ready to process payments in production.

#### Editing a payment method

By pressing on a list item of the payment methods you can go into the edit view. There you will be able to edit any information you want.

#### Deleting a payment method

Is not possible to delete a payment method. Only deactivate it.

### Mercado Pago's agreements (Aggregator Model)

In this section you will be able to manage Mercado Pago's payment methods

![Aggregator payment methods](/images/gateway/payment_methods_aggregator.png)

### Deactivating a payment method

By pressing on a list item of the payment methods you can go into the edit view:

![Edit aggregator payment method](/images/gateway/payment_methods_aggregator_edit.png)

Deactivate the agreements you don't want to offer.

> If you want to deactivate an entire payment method deselect all the items in the list.

## Do you need help?

Get in touch with your sales representative.

## Next steps

> * [Integrate the Web Checkout](/guides/gateway/web-checkout/receiving-payments.en.md) for the Gateway Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Integrate the Web Checkout](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/web-checkout/receiving-payments) for the Gateway Model
```

> * [Integrate the API](/guides/gateway/api/receiving-payments.en.md) for the Gateway Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Integrate the API](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/api/receiving-payments) for the Gateway Model
```
